III Lord's Max Protect Health
Insurance Plan Friends, this is a high sum
insured plan, which means the minimum sum
insured option is only ₹ crore, otherwise
you get the maximum option up to unlimited sum insured. There
are a total of two variants in this plan, Classic and Premium.
What is the difference between both variants in
detail? In today's video, I am going to tell you
what
basic coverage and benefits the company offers in this plan. We will
also discuss what add-on features
you can avail and what will be the waiting period for
different treatments.
You will also know by the end of this video
what terms and conditions the company has imposed on your different coverage. It is
very important to understand them too, so we will
learn about them too. By the end of the video, I will
also give an estimator of the price of this plan, that for ₹ crore, for
3 crore or unlimited sum insured,
how much rupees you will have to pay to the company annually
so that you can get an idea of ​​the price, for
how much you will get this policy.
So if you are a  If you are thinking of taking a high sum insured
plan or a health
insurance policy, then you
can compare your other plans with the information given in today's video
and after that, you can make your decision of buying a health insurance policy
even
smarter. However, let
me give a disclaimer here that this is
not a paid promotional or recommendation video, that is, I am neither promoting this plan
nor am I saying
that you should take this plan.
Through this video, my only effort is to make it
very easy for you to understand this plan so that you do not face any
problem in the future. Let us not delay
and quickly start the video.
First of all, friends, let us
talk about the eligibility of this plan. The first
point in it is the minimum entry age.
If we talk about dependent children, then
any dependent child between 91 days to 21 years can
stay with his parents in this policy. If we talk about
adults, then between 18 years to
Any adult can have an entry age between 65 years and 75 years of age.
However, after this, they will be
able to get it renewed for life long. Now let's talk about the
type of policy.
Your policy can also be individual, that is,
you can choose a separate insurance for each member
and you
can also take a family floater plan in which you can cover your entire
family. Talking about the
policy tenure, you will be able to buy 1 year, 2 year and 3
year policies together.
However, if you buy a 2 year policy or a 3 year
policy together, then the
company definitely gives you some discount
because you have paid the premium in advance for the
coming years. If you buy a 2 year
policy, then you get a discount of 10% and if you buy a 3 year
policy, then
you
get a discount of 15% on the premium of the second or third year, except the first year's premium. So,
you can also avail this benefit
because you will have to get the renewal done, so
why not save this money? If you
take this plan, then plan for a long term policy
also.  Let's talk about the definition of family.
Any of your immediate family members, be it
your brother, sister, husband, wife,
parents, children, parents-in-law, grandparents, can be
included in this policy. However, the
maximum family size for a family floater plan will be
two adults and three children.
Friends, let's talk about the sum insured, i.e., how much
you can buy a policy for, then the minimum sum
insured is Rs. 1 crore, 1 crore, 2 crore,
3 crore, 5 crore, 10 crore and the company
also offers you the option of unlimited sum insured under this plan.
Now friends, let's
start understanding the coverage, but
before that, as I told you that there are
two variants - Classic and Premium. So,
first of all, we will understand the features which are
common in both the variants, that is,
you will get these features in both the plans. The
first number in these features is room rent, that is,
which category of room you can take. In
this, you can take a room of any category
except suite.  If
you choose a room of any category other than the highest category of room, then the
covered age will be the actuals of the
expenses incurred for it. If the company
accepts your claim, then your room rent
charges will also be paid under the same.
Talking about inpatient hospitalization, that is, if the
patient has to be admitted for any treatment, then there are many other
expenses in it like ICU
charges, operation theatre charges,
blood, anesthesia, oxygen, etc.
and whatever treatment-related expenses there are,
this plan will also cover them. If the company has
accepted your claim for that treatment,
then
these expenses related to inpatient hospitalization will also be covered.
Now let's talk about day treatments, that is,
those minor surgeries and
procedures for which admission is
not necessary. These procedures take place for two to four to five hours.
These medical surgeries take place
due to advancement in technology, so those are also day care procedures listed on the age.
However, there are some procedures which are
related to any of your critical illnesses
like dialysis, radiotherapy or
chemotherapy. If the company has approved the
claim for treatment of that critical illness, for example, if
any insured
person gets a critical illness, a
kidney-related disease,
or any other cancer-related
medical condition, and after that,
he has to undergo chemotherapy, radiotherapy or
dialysis, then if the
insurance company approves the claim for treatment of that main illness, then
you can
also cover the expenses of dialysis, chemotherapy and radiotherapy in OPD expenses.
In day care treatment, you will
not be able to claim any kind of diagnostic and test or outpatient department expenses.
Talking about modern treatments, friends, all the 12 listed modern
treatments which are listed by IRDA will be
covered, although the
maximum limit is ₹1 crore, that is,
you can avail any of these modern treatments under this policy.  If you
cover it under this policy, then the maximum
treatment capping will be ₹1 crore.
Pre and post hospitalization expenses, that is,
expenses incurred 60 days before and 180 days after admission, will also be covered.
Which expenses, if you have to see a doctor,
take medicines, get any diagnostic
tests done, then you can also cover those expenses
in this policy.
What are the conditions? Firstly, the treatment from
where we are counting these days, at the
time when any insured person was admitted,
if the claim for that treatment has been approved by the company, only then
you will be
able to claim these expenses. What is the second condition?
You will have to claim this as per the terms and conditions, that is,
you will not get a cashless claim for these
and what is the third condition?
These expenses should be related to that treatment only. It is
not that you had taken treatment for something else
and you are claiming these expenses for something else.
These expenses related to that treatment, be it
diagnostics, medicines or consultation,
you can claim the same.  You will be able to claim for pre and post hospitalization for
60 days before
and 180 days after discharge.
Now let's talk about domicile treatment,
that is, treatment has to be taken at home.
Due to some compulsion, either
beds are not available in any hospital where the patient
can be taken or the patient
is not in a condition to be
shifted to the hospital, then
after the approval of the company, you can also get treatment at home.
Now this treatment should last at least 72
hours, that is,
this treatment should be of at least nine days. If you
want to claim it under this category, if you want to
claim it under domicile hospitalization, then
you will not be able to claim treatment for less than three days.
And secondly, there are some
conditions which you will
not be able to claim under this category, which are
visible to you on the screen right now. If any of these
medical conditions occur, then it
cannot be claimed under domicile hospitalization. The
expenses of AYUSH treatment are  Those will also be covered.
In AYUSH, you have Ayurveda, Yoga and
Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy,
these expenses will be covered but only in-
patient, that is, if the patient has to be admitted for any treatment or there is
such a
complication, then
you can cover it under AYUSH. This treatment should be done in
any AYUSH day care facility or AYUSH
hospital and
you will get its claim only in the form of reimbursement.
You will not be able to take its cashless claim in this plan.
Now friends, comes the turn of organ donor
charges, that is, if any insured person
needs organ transplant, then
if the company
approves that treatment, then the cost of organ transplant will
also be approved. There is no sub-limit in it,
but some expenses will not be covered.
Which are those which are
very important to know? The first one is pre and
post hospitalization charges. Suppose an
organ transplant operation is done, then
pre and post hospitalization charges, that is, 60 days before and up to
180 days after, which is closed for other treatments.  The
cost of organ transplantation is not applicable on organ donor charges. Secondly,
screening
charges will not be covered.
If someone donates an organ, we have to find a compatible donor for him/her. Therefore, the
screening charges for finding that donor will
not be covered in this plan. If any complication occurs
after organ transplantation, then
those expenses will
not be covered, even if that complication is to the donor.
And most importantly, if any
insured person as a donor
wants to donate his/her organ to someone, then that
treatment will also not be covered in this plan. When it comes to
domestic road ambulance, that is, if you
use any road ambulance facility within Indian geographical limits, then
hospitalization claims can be made up to ₹1000000,
provided the
claim for the treatment
for which this ambulance has been used has been approved. The
next feature is a very important
feature, friends, its name is Reset Benefit, which we
also call Recharge or Restoration Benefit. The
number of times your amount is recharged in a whole year.  The
sum insured will be reset as many times as it is partially or fully utilized.
Up to 100% of the sum insured.
Unlimited times in a year and up to a maximum of 100%
of the sum insured. It will be reset
again till the sum insured does not exceed the amount insured.
Suppose your sum insured is ₹1
crore. Whatever amount is used for treatment, it will be
reset again for the next claim and
you will get the full amount. However,
your reset benefit gets triggered on the first claim and
you will not be able to use it.
You will again get the entire basic
sum insured for the next claim. Whatever you have
used in the first claim, it will remain
active again, that is, it will be triggered on the first claim.
What is another important condition? Suppose
your entire sum insured is used for the treatment of a disease
and gets exhausted within the next 45 days, that
is, the treatment was
not successful and you have to get treatment for the same disease again, then
in this case, your reset benefit will be reversed.  The
benefit will not work. These are very important
conditions which need to be understood.
That is, you have taken a treatment in which
all your basic sum is exhausted and
within the next 45 days that disease re-
emerges and you have to get treated again, then
you will
not be able to avail the reset benefit. What is that limit? The
limit of lapse of 45 days.
Secondly, if there is any amount of reset amount
which is left with you and which you are
not able to use, you will
not be able to carry it forward within this year because
you are getting reset benefit every year
unlimited times. So this sum insured will
not be carried forward. The next benefit is the
guaranteed cumulative bonus. Now cumulative
bonus, you already know that in the year in which you do
not make a claim, your sum insured
increases a little. How much will it increase in this plan? It will increase
by 20% for every claim free year.
Suppose you have a policy of ₹ 1 crore. If you do not make a claim for one year, then
your sum insured for the next year will become 1 crore.  20
lakhs and if you do not claim it next year, it will become
₹140000. In this way, it can increase to a
maximum of 100% of 1 crore, that is, ₹1 crore.
In how many years will it be achieved?
In a total of five claim-free years. But now
what is guaranteed here, brother? Guaranteed cumulative
bonus is guaranteed, there is a guarantee of something,
in case of any claim, this cumulative
bonus will not decrease. Now, suppose you have collected
your cumulative bonus from 1 crore to 1 crore 40 lakhs within 2 years, in the
third year, a
claim comes in which you
use the amount from your sum insured, then in the
other plans, where
you get cumulative bonus, your
₹1 lakh guaranteed cumulative bonus
also gets exhausted in the same ratio
in which it increased, but because there is a
guaranteed cumulative bonus here, this
₹1 lakh will remain yours as it is. Next year,
if your sum turns out to be claim-free, then again
it will increase from 40 lakhs.  How much will it be ₹ lakh i.e.
your total sum insured will be 1 crore 60 lakhs. In the
year when there is a claim, you will
not get this amount at 20% and in the year when there is
no claim, your sum insured will keep
increasing at 20% up to a maximum of 100% of the sum
insured. However, even when you take a multiple year
policy, it is not the case that if
you take a policy for 3 years, then you get the
sum insured and guaranteed cumulate bonus for 3 years
together. As you
complete claim free years, your
guaranteed cumulate bonus will also keep increasing with every year. The
next feature is
teleconsultation, that is,
you
can take medical advice from qualified medical practitioners 24*7 and unlimited
times, there is no limit on it. This is also an
inbuilt feature of this plan.
In both the variants, classic and premium,
bariatric surgery i.e.
surgery related to obesity will also be covered in these plans.
Under this, you can also avail insurance related to BMI.
Whatever norms exist will have to be fulfilled,
and under whatever medical protocols there are,
if any critical surgery is performed
for any life-threatening condition, then this
plan will cover it. However, there is no limit on the sum insured.
Whatever treatment expenses are
incurred will be covered under this plan,
provided the terms and conditions are fulfilled after the company's approval.
Now friends, the
features that you have seen till now are common features in both the variants, i.e.
Classic and Premium.
Now, whatever features I will
tell you from here onwards, all of them are
available only in the Premium plan.
You will not get them in the Classic variant. So, the first
coverage that you get only in the Premium plan
is the air ambulance facility.
If an air ambulance is used in any life-threatening condition within
Indian geographic limits, then it is
covered up to the sum insured. There is
no capping in it. Home care treatment means
that an elderly person has to get treatment at home. If any
such condition occurs, then
he can also get treatment at home.  They will need to obtain
prior approval from the insurance company.
This treatment should be based on the advice of a medical practitioner,
and there should also be an active line of treatment at home,
meaning
proper records of the treatment being provided should be maintained.
After the insurance company's approval, you
can also file a claim for home treatment. The reason why approval is necessary is that
you will not receive a reimbursement claim.
Therefore,
you will receive any home care treatment only after the insurance company's approval.
Now, friends,
another feature in the premium plan is worldwide coverage.
That is, if you want to avail any treatment outside India,
whether it
is a planned hospitalization, that is, you know in advance
when and where you will receive treatment.
Whether it is an emergency hospitalization,
both will be covered. There are some conditions, let us
know about them. The first is the
waiting period of 24 months, meaning
you cannot avail the worldwide coverage within the first two years of purchasing the policy. The
second is that the pre- and post-hospitalization
charges will not be covered under the worldwide coverage. That is, if you avail
any treatment, then the
pre- and post-hospitalization charges will not be covered under the worldwide coverage.
You cannot file a hospitalization claim. The
third condition is
regarding the limit of your foreign travel days, that is, if you
go on a foreign trip for 45 consecutive days, then
you can avail this coverage for a maximum of 45 days, or
if we talk about the whole year, then only a maximum of 90
days of foreign travel can be
covered under Worldwide Coverage. Another special thing
is that for Worldwide Coverage,
you do not get the facility of Guaranteed [ __ ] Bonus and Reset
Benefit.
You will not be able to use both these features for the treatment taken under Worldwide Coverage.
Now friends, let's talk about Claim Protector, that is, the
non-payable items which are consumable
items and non-medical items,
you also get them in the premium plan.
Under Claim Protector Benefit, all the
non-payable items of List One of Er One which
are consumable items will become
payable in your claim. Talking about
preventive health checkup, then any such
insured  A person whose age is
21 years or more at the time of renewal can get preventive health checkup tests done up
to ₹1000000 in the entire policy year.
Second opinion for critical illness
means any serious illness. Which serious illness is a serious illness? There are
33 listed critical illnesses which
are listed in the policy wording which is
visible on the screen right now. If
any of these illnesses is diagnosed
to any person, then he
can take a second opinion i.e. consult another doctor.
Who will that doctor be? He can
take e-opinion from the online doctors on the panel of the insurance company. You will have to
mail your diagnosis documents and lab reports to those
doctors on the email ID of the insurance company. From
there, they will
get an opinion based on the diagnosis as to
what the doctor thinks and how you should continue the treatment. The
opinion you get from there will be
free of cost, but
after getting that opinion, the insurance company will be responsible for what decision you take after getting the doctor's advice.  You will
not be held responsible. Now
friends, you have learned about the coverage that
you get in the basic premium plan.
Apart from this, you also get value-added services in which
you can use tele-consultation or ambulance
booking services. You
can also earn some reward points through which you
can also get discounts on future new bills.
For more details on value-added services, you should refer to the policy terms,
which I have provided
you with a link to in the description of this video.
You can also read the PDF of the entire policy term from there.
Now friends, it is the turn of the waiting period.
Waiting period means
how much time you will have to wait after purchasing the policy to avail any treatment. This
waiting period will be applicable
on fresh policies. If you have a port
policy and you have already
completed the waiting period, then it is
waived. There is no such foundation
on you that you will not be
able to avail treatment. This is only for fresh policies.
Their health insurance coverage period
starts from this policy. It is
applicable only for them. First Standard
There is a waiting period of 30 days, which means that
within the first 30 days, you will not be able to claim for any sickness or illness.
Only accidental
treatments will be covered. Keep this in
mind. The second waiting period is for
specific illnesses. These are the slow-
growing illnesses that you can
see on the screen right now, which take
some time to develop.
These treatments will be
covered after 2 years of purchasing the policy. Before that,
if you file a claim, it will
not be eligible. No claim will be paid. The
third waiting period is for
friends. Pre-
existing
medical conditions are any treatment you are undergoing,
any medicines you are taking, and you
declare them to the insurance company. Take
special care of this. It is important to declare any medical condition,
after that it will be considered your pre-existing condition.
If you already have BP,
diabetes, hypertension, thyroid, and
you do not inform the company, then it is
not your PD. Whatever medical condition you have,  You have the condition
and the company has told you about it, only then it
gives you coverage under your policy and
its waiting period is 48 months i.e.
4 years. Now see, the sum insured is so
big, up to 1 crore, 2 crore and unlimited,
but the waiting period is 4 years, so it can
also be reduced, you will have to take a separate
down payment for PD waiting period
reduction, that is, you will have to take a separate rider. You will have to pay
some extra money in the first year,
this is the time limit.  This 48-
month or 4-year term will be reduced to 2
years. After that,
if you take this rider, the one with PD
reduction, then only after 2 years of buying the policy,
your medical
treatments for those conditions which you have declared as
pre-exiting diseases will be covered after 2 years of buying the policy.
Friends, one more add-on is offered to you
in this policy, which
is available only for the Classic variant, that is room rent
modification. Now what is the eligibility in room rent?
You can take any category of room
for treatment, but suite is
not available, that is, the top category of rooms is
not available. Except that, you
can take rooms of all categories like single, private, room, twin sharing, deluxe, semi-deluxe.
But if you have the Classic variant, then
you can also downgrade this limit,
which can reduce your policy
premium. Now friends, before
mentioning the prices of this plan of this policy, let me
tell you one more special feature which you get in this plan,
that is  Anyway Cashless Facility means the
company says that if
we do not have a network tie-up with any hospital, we do
not have a cashless tie-up, then you can get treatment there as well,
provided it should
not be in the blacklisted list, that is, it should not be
in the list of excluded hospitals.
You have to go there
24 hours before getting the treatment done, you have to
tell the insurance company
in which hospital and what treatment you are going to get done
and for this Anyway Cashless treatment, the
consent of that hospital is necessary, that is, only
after the consent of that hospital, you will be
able to avail the benefit of Anyway Cashless. Friends, finally the
turn comes to discuss the prices of this policy, that is, with
this coverage, with
all the features of these plans, with these
benefits, for how many rupees you get
both the variants, Classic and
Premium. So here I have taken an example,
in this family, the age of the first adult is 37
years and his wife is 35
years and they have two children whose age is
less than 21 years. Sum insured here I have
taken options of 1 crore and 3 crore  And
Unlimited has both Classic and Premium
variants. If you take a sum assured of ₹1 crore, then it will cost you
9668 annually and for the same,
if you take a premium plan for a sum assured of ₹1 crore, then
you will have to pay ₹5882 for 1 year only.
If you take coverage of ₹1 crore, then
for Classic plan which
is their standard plan, you will have to pay ₹77045 and
for Premium plan, you will have to pay ₹774 for one year.
For a family of two adults and two children, they take Unlimited Sum Insured, which is
quite unique. Unlimited Sum Insured
means there is no capping of sum insured.
What is the price for Classic variant?
And the premium for their top variant is
₹5000000. If you buy from the website, then you
get an online discount of ₹5, which is
included in it. Although the premium is high,
but if you finalize the policy,
if you want a policy with higher sum assured  If
you finalize this plan
and the premium is very costly,
you can also take a long-term policy,
which will give you a good discount
because the difference in percentage will be the
higher the higher your premium.
You can see that too. But
I have given you an estimate.
You have got the price ID. Now, if it does
not fit your budget, you
can decline the policy here and
work out on other plans. If it is
within your budget and seems pocket-friendly to you, then
you can also consider this plan.
Now friends, you have
understood all the benefits, coverages, and features of the policy. You have understood
both the variants,
what are the differences, and the price estimator.
Now, most of your doubts about this plan and
its coverage have been cleared.
Do read the exclusions once in the policy wording. I
tell you in every video that
you should not buy a policy without reading the exclusions.
They are very easy to read and understand. Where will you find them? You will
find them in the exclusions column in the policy wording.  And
I have given you the link to the policy wording and the PDF link
in the description of this video. You just have to
go and read and search and
read the exclusions column carefully. You have to
understand all the listed exclusions once. The
exclusions are the same in most of the plans. Once you read them, it will be useful for
you everywhere.
Many viewers say this in the comments of this channel.
One viewer even
said, "Sir, I was trying to read the policy wording of a health insurance plan for three-four days
and I was not able to understand anything.
I watched one of your videos and within 10 minutes the
picture of the entire plan became completely
clear to me. You create a lot of value for us.
Now look, I thank you very much for such
comments.
Look, we work hard. To
explain it to you in an easy way, we have to do a lot of research.
We understand it thoroughly first and
then see
what things are important to mention in it,
for which we can explain the entire coverage to you in a very short time.
And if you find it beneficial
and your  We get such comments
of appreciation that we
get a lot of motivation from them. However,
after watching the videos, you should
not take an upfront decision directly. You must do your research and
due diligence
because everyone's medical needs can be different.
You should
not buy a policy after being influenced by the video. You only have to
understand the benefits and features from the video. If you liked the
information given in this video,
if you liked our efforts, then you
can like the video. To
be a part of our community, to
support us, to show your love, you
can also subscribe to the channel. So
friends, I, Harvinder Singh, now take your permission. I will get your
permission in the next video. Till then,
take care of yourself, stay happy
and stay healthy. Jai Hind.